obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/LinearCongruentialGenerator.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.LinearCongruentialGenerator
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FFTBluestein.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FFTBluestein
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PerfectNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PerfectNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/MinimumPathSum.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.MinimumPathSum
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/StackArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.StackArray
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/ReverseStackUsingRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.ReverseStackUsingRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/Mandelbrot.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Mandelbrot
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/RandomNode.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.RandomNode
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.RandomNode$ListNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/matrixTranspose.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.matrixTranspose
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/CombSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.CombSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/SearchSinglyLinkedListRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.SearchSinglyLinkedListRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/CeilInBinarySearchTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.CeilInBinarySearchTree
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/SortUtils.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.SortUtils
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/FibonacciSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.FibonacciSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/MemoizationTechniqueKnapsack.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.MemoizationTechniqueKnapsack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FindMinRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FindMinRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/MaximumMinimumWindow.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.MaximumMinimumWindow
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/ArrayLeftRotation.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.ArrayLeftRotation
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/LazySegmentTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.LazySegmentTree
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.LazySegmentTree$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/DecimalToOctal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.DecimalToOctal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/HamiltonianCycle.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.HamiltonianCycle
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/LowerBound.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.LowerBound
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/nearestRightKey.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.Main
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.NRKTree
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/HowManyTimesRotated.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.HowManyTimesRotated
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/LowestBasePalindrome.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.LowestBasePalindrome
obfuscatedCode/AdminLogin.java
 AdminLogin
 AdminLogin$1
 AdminLogin$2
 AdminLogin$3
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/BoyerMoore.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.BoyerMoore
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/SumOfArithmeticSeries.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.SumOfArithmeticSeries
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/SquareRootWithNewtonRaphsonMethod.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.SquareRootWithNewtonRaphsonMethod
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/EmptyHeapException.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.EmptyHeapException
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/TreeRandomNode.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.TreeRandomNode
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.TreeRandomNode$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Rotation.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Rotation
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/StrandSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.StrandSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/CRCAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.CRCAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/CheckAnagrams.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.CheckAnagrams
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/CountFriendsPairing.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.CountFriendsPairing
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/OddEvenSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.OddEvenSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/Dijkstra.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Dijkstra
 com.thealgorithms.others.Graph
 com.thealgorithms.others.Graph$Edge
 com.thealgorithms.others.Graph$Vertex
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/BinaryToDecimal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.BinaryToDecimal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/CheckVowels.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.CheckVowels
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/ReverseString.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.ReverseString
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Median.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Median
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Armstrong.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Armstrong
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/ConnectedComponent.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.ConnectedComponent
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Graph
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Graph$Edge
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Graph$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/PrimMST.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.PrimMST
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/WineProblem.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.WineProblem
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/cn/HammingDistance.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.cn.HammingDistance
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/divideandconquer/SkylineAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.divideandconquer.SkylineAlgorithm
 com.thealgorithms.divideandconquer.SkylineAlgorithm$Point
 com.thealgorithms.divideandconquer.SkylineAlgorithm$XComparator
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/Main.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.Main
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/KadaneAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.KadaneAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/BogoSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.BogoSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Palindrome.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Palindrome
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/BFPRT.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.BFPRT
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/CircleSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.CircleSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/audiofilters/IIRFilter.java
 com.thealgorithms.audiofilters.IIRFilter
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/NumberOfDigits.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.NumberOfDigits
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/DutchNationalFlagSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.DutchNationalFlagSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/NonRepeatingElement.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.NonRepeatingElement
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/UpperBound.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.UpperBound
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/KMPSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.KMPSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/SortAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.SortAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/entities/ProcessDetails.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.entities.ProcessDetails
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/LucasSeries.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.LucasSeries
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/BinaryPow.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.BinaryPow
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/Sparcity.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.Sparcity
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PascalTriangle.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PascalTriangle
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/RgbHsvConversion.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.RgbHsvConversion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/HeronsFormula.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.HeronsFormula
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/Intersection.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.Intersection
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/AVLSimple.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.AVLSimple
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.AVLSimple$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/ThreeSumProblem.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.ThreeSumProblem
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/TernarySearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.TernarySearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/BubbleSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.BubbleSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/ShellSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.ShellSort
obfuscatedCode/Userlogin.java
 Userlogin
 Userlogin$1
 Userlogin$2
 Userlogin$3
 Userlogin$4
 Userlogin$5
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/ParseInteger.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.ParseInteger
ModernArt.java
 ModernArt
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/GCDRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.GCDRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/SquareRootBinarySearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.SquareRootBinarySearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/TowerOfHanoi.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.TowerOfHanoi
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/AbsoluteValue.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.AbsoluteValue
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/BalancedBrackets.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.BalancedBrackets
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Ceil.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Ceil
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/DeterminantOfMatrix.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.DeterminantOfMatrix
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/BinaryTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BinaryTree
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BinaryTree$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/queues/PriorityQueues.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.PriorityQueue
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.PriorityQueues
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/divideandconquer/StrassenMatrixMultiplication.java
 com.thealgorithms.divideandconquer.StrassenMatrixMultiplication
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/JumpSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.JumpSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Perimeter.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Perimeter
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/RowColumnWiseSorted2dArrayBinarySearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.RowColumnWiseSorted2dArrayBinarySearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/EditDistance.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.EditDistance
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/RabinKarpAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.RabinKarpAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/StackOfLinkedList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.LinkedListStack
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.Node
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.StackOfLinkedList
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/SegmentTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.SegmentTree
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/RemoveDuplicateFromString.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.RemoveDuplicateFromString
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Convolution.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Convolution
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/a5/BaseLFSR.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.a5.BaseLFSR
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/QueueUsingTwoStacks.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.QueueUsingTwoStacks
 com.thealgorithms.others.QueueWithStack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/FordFulkerson.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.FordFulkerson
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/KnapsackMemoization.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.KnapsackMemoization
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/SlowSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.SlowSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PerfectSquare.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PerfectSquare
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/LongestPalindromicSubsequence.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.LongestPalindromicSubsequence
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/QuickSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.QuickSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/BruteForceKnapsack.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.BruteForceKnapsack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/BinaryToOctal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.BinaryToOctal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/NthUglyNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.NthUglyNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/Krishnamurthy.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Krishnamurthy
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/SumOfDigits.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.SumOfDigits
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/LongestIncreasingSubsequence.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.LongestIncreasingSubsequence
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/InsertionSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.InsertionSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/KahnsAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.AdjacencyList
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.KahnsAlgorithm
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.TopologicalSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/scheduling/FCFSScheduling.java
 com.thealgorithms.scheduling.FCFSScheduling
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/backtracking/MazeRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.MazeRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/InfixToPostfix.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.InfixToPostfix
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/LevenshteinDistance.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.LevenshteinDistance
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PowerOfTwoOrNot.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PowerOfTwoOrNot
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/StoogeSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.StoogeSort
Player.java
 Player
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/matrixexponentiation/Fibonacci.java
 com.thealgorithms.matrixexponentiation.Fibonacci
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/MonteCarloTreeSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.MonteCarloTreeSearch
 com.thealgorithms.searches.MonteCarloTreeSearch$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/BoardPath.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.BoardPath
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/PancakeSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.PancakeSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/disjointsets/DisjointSets.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.disjointsets.DisjointSets
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Isomorphic.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Isomorphic
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/GnomeSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.GnomeSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/MobiusFunction.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.MobiusFunction
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/RSA.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.RSA
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/QuickSelect.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.QuickSelect
obfuscatedCode/Request.java
 Request
 Request$1
 Request$2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/Blowfish.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.Blowfish
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/DoublyLinkedList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.DoublyLinkedList
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.Link
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.LinkOperations
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/CircleLinkedList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.CircleLinkedList
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.CircleLinkedList$1
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.CircleLinkedList$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/Heap.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.Heap
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/TwinPrime.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.TwinPrime
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/HappyNumbersSeq.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.HappyNumbersSeq
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/MagicSquare.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.MagicSquare
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/List_all_Possible_Words_From_Phone_Digits.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.List_all_Possible_Words_From_Phone_Digits
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/backtracking/Combination.java
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.Combination
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/PageRank.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.PageRank
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/PostfixToInfix.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.PostfixToInfix
obfuscatedCode/Book_selling_system.java
 Book_selling_system
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/MinValue.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.MinValue
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Volume.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Volume
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/backtracking/FloodFill.java
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.FloodFill
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/SimpleSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.SimpleSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/WordBoggle.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.Trie
 com.thealgorithms.misc.TrieNode
 com.thealgorithms.misc.WordBoggle
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/LongestPalindromicSubstring.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.LongestPalindromicSubstring
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Solution
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/searches/MatrixSearchAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.searches.MatrixSearchAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Pow.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Pow
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/GenericHeap.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.GenericHeap
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/queues/GenericArrayListQueue.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.GenericArrayListQueue
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/disjointsets/Node.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.disjointsets.Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/MergeSortedSinglyLinkedList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.MergeSortedSinglyLinkedList
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/InterpolationSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.InterpolationSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/InverseOfMatrix.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.InverseOfMatrix
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/backtracking/PowerSum.java
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.PowerSum
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/TimSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.TimSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/longestNonRepeativeSubstring.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.longestNonRepeativeSubstring
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/AmicableNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.AmicableNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/PrintTopViewofTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.PrintTopViewofTree
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.QItem
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.Tree
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.TreeNode
obfuscatedCode/Main_screen.java
 Main_screen
 Main_screen$1
 Main_screen$2
 Main_screen$3
 Main_screen$4
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PrimeFactorization.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PrimeFactorization
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/OctalToHexadecimal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.OctalToHexadecimal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PiNilakantha.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PiNilakantha
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/CRC32.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.CRC32
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/MergeSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.MergeSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/StackArrayList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.StackArrayList
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/CalculateMaxOfMin.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.CalculateMaxOfMin
obfuscatedCode/Add_new_books.java
 Add_new_books
 Add_new_books$1
 Add_new_books$2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/MatrixChainRecursiveTopDownMemoisation.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.MatrixChainRecursiveTopDownMemoisation
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/ReturnSubsequence.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.ReturnSubsequence
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PronicNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PronicNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/ThreeSum.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.ThreeSum
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/IterativeTernarySearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.IterativeTernarySearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/BSTIterative.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BSTIterative
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BSTIterative$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/KaprekarNumbers.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.KaprekarNumbers
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/SwapSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.SwapSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PythagoreanTriple.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PythagoreanTriple
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/GenericHashMapUsingArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.GenericHashMapUsingArray
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.GenericHashMapUsingArray$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/EulerMethod.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.EulerMethod
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/SinglyLinkedList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.Node
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.SinglyLinkedList
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/BoundaryFill.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.BoundaryFill
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/backtracking/NQueens.java
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.NQueens
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/SimpleSubCipher.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.SimpleSubCipher
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/TopKWords.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.TopKWords
 com.thealgorithms.others.TopKWords$CountWords
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/queues/Queues.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.Queue
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.Queues
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/LongestPalindromicSubstring.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.LongestPalindromicSubstring
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/StackPostfixNotation.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.StackPostfixNotation
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/TwoPointers.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.TwoPointers
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/MergeSortRecursive.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.App
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.MergeSortRecursive
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.MergeSortRecursive$1
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.MergeSortRecursive$2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/MainCuckooHashing.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.MainCuckooHashing
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/SaddlebackSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.SaddlebackSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/nodes/TreeNode.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.nodes.TreeNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/VerticalOrderTraversal.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.VerticalOrderTraversal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/WiggleSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.WiggleSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/bloomfilter/BloomFilter.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.bloomfilter.BloomFilter
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.bloomfilter.BloomFilter$Hash
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/GenericTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.GenericTree
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.GenericTree$1
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.GenericTree$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/CountChar.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.CountChar
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/PerlinNoise.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.PerlinNoise
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/HexaDecimalToDecimal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.HexaDecimalToDecimal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/VampireNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.VampireNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Anagrams.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Anagrams
obfuscatedCode/Address.java
 Address
 Address$1
 Address$2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/caches/LRUCache.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.caches.LRUCache
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.caches.LRUCache$Entry
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/Merge_K_SortedLinkedlist.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.Merge_K_SortedLinkedlist
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.Merge_K_SortedLinkedlist$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/Graphs.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.AdjacencyListGraph
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.AdjacencyListGraph$Vertex
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Graphs
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/AnytoAny.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.AnytoAny
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/PalindromeSinglyLinkedList.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.PalindromeSinglyLinkedList
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/BrianKernighanAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.BrianKernighanAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FindMax.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FindMax
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/MinPriorityQueue.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.MinPriorityQueue
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/RangeInSortedArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.RangeInSortedArray
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/NextSmallerElement.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.NextSmallerElement
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/StringMatchFiniteAutomata.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.StringMatchFiniteAutomata
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/LevelOrderTraversal.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.LevelOrderTraversal
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.LevelOrderTraversal$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/MatrixUtil.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.MatrixUtil
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/HorspoolSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.HorspoolSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/GCD.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.GCD
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/HeapElement.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.HeapElement
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FibonacciNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FibonacciNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/queues/Deques.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.Deques
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.Deques$DequeNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/NodeStack.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.NodeStack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/PalindromePrime.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.PalindromePrime
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/TrieImp.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.TrieImp
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.TrieImp$TrieNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FindKthNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FindKthNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/LeonardoNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.LeonardoNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/RegexMatching.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.RegexMatching
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/queues/CircularQueue.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.CircularQueue
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/ReverseStack.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.ReverseStack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/IterativeBinarySearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.IterativeBinarySearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PowRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PowRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/SieveOfEratosthenes.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.SieveOfEratosthenes
 com.thealgorithms.others.SieveOfEratosthenes$Type
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/DecimalToBinary.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.DecimalToBinary
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/Huffman.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Huffman
 com.thealgorithms.others.HuffmanNode
 com.thealgorithms.others.MyComparator
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/CycleSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.CycleSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/Cycles.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Cycle
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Cycles
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/RootPrecision.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.RootPrecision
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/AutomorphicNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.AutomorphicNumber
obfuscatedCode/Create_ac.java
 Create_ac
 Create_ac$1
 Create_ac$2
 Create_ac$3
obfuscatedCode/AdminHost.java
 AdminHost
 AdminHost$1
 AdminHost$2
 AdminHost$3
 AdminHost$4
 AdminHost$5
 AdminHost$6
 AdminHost$7
 AdminHost$8
 AdminHost$9
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/AffineCipher.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.AffineCipher
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/CheckIfBinaryTreeBalanced.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.CheckIfBinaryTreeBalanced
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.CheckIfBinaryTreeBalanced$BTNode
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.CheckIfBinaryTreeBalanced$BinaryTree
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Combinations.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Combinations
obfuscatedCode/Add_old_books.java
 Add_old_books
 Add_old_books$1
 Add_old_books$2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/SJF.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Process
 com.thealgorithms.others.SJF
 com.thealgorithms.others.Schedule
 com.thealgorithms.others.Schedule$1
 com.thealgorithms.others.Schedule$2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/NextGraterElement.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.NextGraterElement
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/CountingSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.CountingSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/TreeTraversal.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.Node
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.TreeTraversal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/divideandconquer/BinaryExponentiation.java
 com.thealgorithms.divideandconquer.BinaryExponentiation
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/caches/LFUCache.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.caches.LFUCache
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.caches.LFUCache$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/countSetBits.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.countSetBits
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/BucketSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.BucketSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/RedBlackBST.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.RedBlackBST
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.RedBlackBST$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/Caesar.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.Caesar
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/Polybius.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.Polybius
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/nodes/Node.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.nodes.Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/OctalToDecimal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.OctalToDecimal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/KrishnamurthyNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.KrishnamurthyNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Mode.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Mode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/SkylineProblem.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.SkylineProblem
 com.thealgorithms.others.SkylineProblem$Building
 com.thealgorithms.others.SkylineProblem$Skyline
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/BipartiteGrapfDFS.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.BipartiteGrapfDFS
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/DIJSKSTRAS_ALGORITHM.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.dijkstras
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/HashMapCuckooHashing.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.HashMapCuckooHashing
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/HashMap.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.HashMap
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.HashMap$LinkedList
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.HashMap$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/MaxValue.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.MaxValue
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/LevelOrderTraversalQueue.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.LevelOrderTraversalQueue
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.LevelOrderTraversalQueue$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/RotateMatriceBy90Degree.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Rotate
 com.thealgorithms.others.Rotate_by_90_degree
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/KeithNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.KeithNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/Fibonacci.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.Fibonacci
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/CreateBinaryTreeFromInorderPreorder.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.CreateBinaryTreeFromInorderPreorder
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/Sudoku.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Sudoku
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Floor.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Floor
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Factorial.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Factorial
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/PermuteString.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.PermuteString
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Gaussian.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Gaussian
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/FibbonaciSeries.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.FibbonaciSeries
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/RomanNumeralUtil.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.RomanNumeralUtil
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/RodCutting.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.RodCutting
Painting.java
 Painting
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/zigZagPattern/zigZagPattern.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.zigZagPattern.zigZagPattern
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/CursorLinkedList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.CursorLinkedList
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.CursorLinkedList$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FactorialRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FactorialRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/nodes/SimpleNode.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.nodes.SimpleNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/MatrixChainMultiplication.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.Matrix
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.MatrixChainMultiplication
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/CreateAndDetectLoop.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.CreateAndDetectLoop
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/PalindromicPartitioning.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.PalindromicPartitioning
TestClass.java
 TestClass
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/MergeSortNoExtraSpace.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.MergeSortNoExtraSpace
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/WordLadder.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.WordLadder
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/JosephusProblem.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.JosephusProblem
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Average.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Average
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/SquareRootWithBabylonianMethod.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.SquareRootWithBabylonianMethod
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/LeastCommonMultiple.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.LeastCommonMultiple
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/CircularConvolutionFFT.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.CircularConvolutionFFT
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/LiouvilleLambdaFunction.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.LiouvilleLambdaFunction
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/LinkList_Sort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.LinkList_Sort
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.Node
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.Task
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.Task1
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.Task2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/HammingDistance.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.HammingDistance
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/LongestValidParentheses.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.LongestValidParentheses
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/JugglerSequence.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.JugglerSequence
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/StandardScore.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.StandardScore
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/PasswordGen.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.PasswordGen
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/MainLinearProbing.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.MainLinearProbing
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/DuplicateBrackets.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.DuplicateBrackets
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/MatrixGraphs.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.AdjacencyMatrixGraph
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.MatrixGraphs
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Upper.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Upper
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/MinimumSumPartition.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.MinimumSumPartition
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/PigeonholeSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.PigeonholeSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FFT.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FFT
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FFT$Complex
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/TrinomialTriangle.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.TrinomialTriangle
obfuscatedCode/UserHost.java
 UserHost
 UserHost$1
 UserHost$2
 UserHost$3
 UserHost$4
 UserHost$5
 UserHost$6
 UserHost$7
 UserHost$8
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/ProductCipher.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.ProductCipher
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/AnyBaseToDecimal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.AnyBaseToDecimal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/AVLTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.AVLTree
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.AVLTree$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/BellmanFord.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.BellmanFord
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.BellmanFord$Edge
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/FibonacciHeap.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.FibonacciHeap
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.FibonacciHeap$HeapNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/caches/MRUCache.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.caches.MRUCache
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.caches.MRUCache$Entry
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/RadixSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.RadixSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/SkipList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.SkipList
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.SkipList$BernoulliHeightStrategy
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.SkipList$HeightStrategy
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.SkipList$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/SubsetCount.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.SubsetCount
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/InsertDeleteInArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.InsertDeleteInArray
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PerfectCube.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PerfectCube
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/Implementing_auto_completing_features_using_trie.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.Trieac
 com.thealgorithms.others.Trieac$TrieNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/FloydTriangle.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.FloydTriangle
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/LCA.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.LCA
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/CocktailShakerSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.CocktailShakerSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/IntegerToRoman.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.IntegerToRoman
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/ExponentalSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.ExponentialSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/DualPivotQuickSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.DualPivotQuickSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/ShortestCommonSupersequenceLength.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.ShortestSuperSequence
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/buffers/CircularBuffer.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.buffers.CircularBuffer
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.buffers.CircularBuffer$CircularPointer
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PalindromeNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PalindromeNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/AESEncryption.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.AESEncryption
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/MinHeap.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.MinHeap
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/BinaryInsertionSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.BinaryInsertionSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/DNFSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.DNFSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/CountSinglyLinkedListRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.CountSinglyLinkedListRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/BankersAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.BankersAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/divideandconquer/ClosestPair.java
 com.thealgorithms.divideandconquer.ClosestPair
 com.thealgorithms.divideandconquer.ClosestPair$Location
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/MedianOfRunningArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.MedianOfRunningArray
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/SumWithoutArithmeticOperators.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.SumWithoutArithmeticOperators
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/DiceThrow.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.DP
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/BSTRecursive.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BSTRecursive
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BSTRecursive$Node
obfuscatedCode/BuyBooks.java
 BuyBooks
 BuyBooks$1
 BuyBooks$2
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/Knapsack.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.Knapsack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/DecimalToAnyUsingStack.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.DecimalToAnyUsingStack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/DecimalToAnyBase.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.DecimalToAnyBase
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/minimizinglateness/MinimizingLateness.java
 com.thealgorithms.minimizinglateness.MinimizingLateness
 com.thealgorithms.minimizinglateness.MinimizingLateness$Schedule
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/a5/Utils.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.a5.Utils
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/BSTRecursiveGeneric.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BSTRecursiveGeneric
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.BSTRecursiveGeneric$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/searches/SearchAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.searches.SearchAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/Kruskal.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Kruskal
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.Kruskal$Edge
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/ConvolutionFFT.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.ConvolutionFFT
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/BubbleSortRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.BubbleSortRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/DistanceFormula.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.DistanceFormula
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/Sum_Of_Subset.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.Sum_Of_Subset
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/Sort012D.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.Sort012D
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/RomanToInteger.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.RomanToInteger
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.RomanToInteger$1
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Alphabetical.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Alphabetical
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/GenericHashMapUsingArrayList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.GenericHashMapUsingArrayList
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.GenericHashMapUsingArrayList$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/LongestAlternatingSubsequence.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.LongestAlternatingSubsequence
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/AnyBaseToAnyBase.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.AnyBaseToAnyBase
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/NewManShanksPrime.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.NewManShanksPrime
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/SimpleSubstitutionCipher.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.SimpleSubstitutionCipher
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/MemoryManagementAlgorithms.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.BestFitCPU
 com.thealgorithms.others.FirstFitCPU
 com.thealgorithms.others.MemoryManagementAlgorithms
 com.thealgorithms.others.NextFit
 com.thealgorithms.others.WorstFitCPU
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/BitonicSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.BitonicSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/queues/LinkedQueue.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.LinkedQueue
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.queues.LinkedQueue$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FindMaxRecursion.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FindMaxRecursion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/BinaryToHexadecimal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.BinaryToHexadecimal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/PrimeCheck.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.PrimeCheck
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/SelectionSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.SelectionSort
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/HeapSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.HeapSort
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.HeapSort$Heap
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/sorts/TopologicalSort.java
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.TopologicalSort
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.TopologicalSort$BackEdgeException
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.TopologicalSort$Color
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.TopologicalSort$Graph
 com.thealgorithms.sorts.TopologicalSort$Vertex
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/BinarySearch2dArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.BinarySearch2dArray
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/FenwickTree.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.FenwickTree
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/CoinChange.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.CoinChange
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/dynamicarray/DynamicArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.dynamicarray.DynamicArray
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.dynamicarray.DynamicArray$1
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.dynamicarray.DynamicArray$DynamicArrayIterator
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/BinomialCoefficient.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.BinomialCoefficient
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/SimpsonIntegration.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.SimpsonIntegration
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/StandardDeviation.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.StandardDeviation
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FastInverseSqrt.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FastInverseSqrt
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/CountWords.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.CountWords
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/DecimalToHexaDecimal.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.DecimalToHexaDecimal
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/heaps/MaxHeap.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.heaps.MaxHeap
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/ReverseNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.ReverseNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Lower.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Lower
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/UniquePaths.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.UniquePaths
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/GenericRoot.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.GenericRoot
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/DudeneyNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.DudeneyNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/MiniMaxAlgorithm.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.MiniMaxAlgorithm
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/bags/Bag.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.bags.Bag
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.bags.Bag$1
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.bags.Bag$ListIterator
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.bags.Bag$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/BinarySearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.BinarySearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/hashmap/hashing/HashMapLinearProbing.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.hashmap.hashing.HashMapLinearProbing
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/LongestCommonSubsequence.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.LongestCommonSubsequence
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/nodes/SimpleTreeNode.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.nodes.SimpleTreeNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/backtracking/Permutation.java
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.Permutation
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/CreateBSTFromSortedArray.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.CreateBSTFromSortedArray
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/ColorContrastRatio.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.ColorContrastRatio
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/GuassLegendre.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.GuassLegendre
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/TurkishToLatinConversion.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.TurkishToLatinConversion
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/devutils/nodes/LargeTreeNode.java
 com.thealgorithms.devutils.nodes.LargeTreeNode
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/Area.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.Area
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/Pangram.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.Pangram
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/DigitalRoot.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.DigitalRoot
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/HexaDecimalToBinary.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.HexaDecimalToBinary
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/EggDropping.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.EggDropping
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/SubsetSum.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.SubsetSum
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/dynamicprogramming/DyanamicProgrammingKnapsack.java
 com.thealgorithms.dynamicprogramming.DyanamicProgrammingKnapsack
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/trees/ValidBSTOrNot.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.ValidBSTOrNot
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.trees.ValidBSTOrNot$Node
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/conversions/HexToOct.java
 com.thealgorithms.conversions.HexToOct
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/strings/CharactersSame.java
 com.thealgorithms.strings.CharactersSame
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/stacks/LargestRectangle.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.stacks.LargestRectangle
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/RabinKarp.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.RabinKarp
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/KochSnowflake.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.KochSnowflake
 com.thealgorithms.others.KochSnowflake$Vector2
obfuscatedCode/Show_bookings.java
 Show_bookings
 Show_bookings$1
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/CollatzConjecture.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.CollatzConjecture
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/Vigenere.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.Vigenere
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/backtracking/KnightsTour.java
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.KnightsTour
 com.thealgorithms.backtracking.KnightsTour$1
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/FindMin.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.FindMin
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/ciphers/HillCipher.java
 com.thealgorithms.ciphers.HillCipher
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/LinearSearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.LinearSearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/HarshadNumber.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.HarshadNumber
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/PerfectBinarySearch.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.PerfectBinarySearch
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/graphs/FloydWarshall.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.graphs.FloydWarshall
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/maths/VectorCrossProduct.java
 com.thealgorithms.maths.VectorCrossProduct
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/EulersFunction.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.EulersFunction
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/datastructures/lists/MergeSortedArrayList.java
 com.thealgorithms.datastructures.lists.MergeSortedArrayList
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/others/KMP.java
 com.thealgorithms.others.KMP
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/misc/TwoSumProblem.java
 com.thealgorithms.misc.TwoSumProblem
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/LinearSearchThread.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.LinearSearchThread
 com.thealgorithms.searches.Searcher
obfuscatedCode/com/thealgorithms/searches/UnionFind.java
 com.thealgorithms.searches.UnionFind
